Seeing the places is nice but we only added them so that we could dive deeper into navigation and have
a way of going to the details of such a place and eventually opening that booking modal and to achieve
this, we need to make sure we can tab these places or we add some kind of book this place button. It's up
to you what you want to do,
I want to make these items here tappable, these ion items and here for my favorite place, for my featured
place, I want to add a button that actually allows us to go to the details.
Let's start with the button on the featured place, here
after ion card content but still in the ion card, so before the closing tag of ion card, I'll add
a new div,
simple normal div with text right
so that all the text is moved all the way to the right and with some padding and then in here, I'll add
an ion button and that ion button will get a fill mode of clear which means it has no background and
no border.
I'll give it a color of primary and I want to add a router link here to go to a certain page.
Now that router link will be bound dynamically because I will need to pass the ID of that place.
So here, we pass multiple route segments between square brackets and here, I'll construct this in a very
long way to make it really clear what our individual segments are,
you could merge them all into one string here actually if you wanted to but I'll start with a slash
to have an absolute navigation because relative navigation is a bit buggy at the moment still,
then places, then tabs and I'm simply moving through all my route config, right?
So I have, in the app routing module, we have places,
that's our first segment and therefore here we start with an absolute, with a slash for an absolute
navigation,
then we go into places, that will take us if
we have a look, to the places page module, so the places module loads the places-routing file and there
we have that tabs route we want to go into
and then we want to go into discover
and then here into place ID and that is of course a dynamic segment then. So back in the discover page,
we go to places, tabs, then discover and then that dynamic segment is my place here, my loaded places,
the first element and then the ID. Well let's close that button tag and restructure this across multiple
lines to make it easier to read and inside of this button, I'll simply have a text of more
and of course you can have any text you want.
Now if you save that, we should have a nice button here,
there it is
and if we tab it, we are indeed taken to the place detail page with no back button right now
but of course we can use the browser back button. Here
however we don't get that nice transition, that's important to note because we leverage a browser feature
here which is not captured by Javascript or handled in any way.
So that's nice and that works
and actually I think we could even do without the padding on that
div here around the button, might look nicer,
it definitely does in my opinion but you can style this however you want or we'll actually center this and therefore
since we already center all the text in the card, I just remove text right now to think about this
but that are minor things and you can adjust this to your liking.
One thing you can set when you set router link which I haven't showed you before is you can also set
router direction.
Now that is Ionic specific, not Angular, not an Angular feature
and this will give Ionic a hint whether this navigation here will be a forward navigation and therefore
it should play an animation that actually adds a page to the stack and looks like you're going forward
or if it should play a backward animation. So you can set this here to forward or to backward or you
just give it away and Ionic will detect it automatically which typically works quite nice
but setting this router direction can be helpful when this is a page that might be loaded as the first
page of your application where this should actually go back instead of forward
and then by setting this to backward manually, would apply the right animation and not play the default
of forward which Ionic probably which detect if the page is loaded for the first time. We don't need
it here though, that's our button. Now for the list down there,
I want to navigate when we tab one of the list items, that is actually super simple to implement, on ion
item,
you can simply add router link and of course, you could always also add a click listener and execute
a method in which you then route programmatically with the injected Angular router
but here, I'll use router link. Again
this also needs to be bound to a dynamic value
and this will be an array where we go to //places tabs discover and then also the dynamic
segment here is place because we're going through all the places and we store each place in a place variable
and then it's just place ID
and now we have that router link on the ion item.
If we now let this reload, we can tab these items and the navigation works but it's not super clear that
we can tab them and therefore Ionic gives us a little convenience feature. On an ion item, you can add a special
detail attribute, you don't need to pass in any value, you just add it like this and this will render a
little icon, a little arrow icon that indicates that this moves you forward, here
this little arrow on the right and this makes it clearer that we can press this.
So that is the basic forward backward navigation implemented,
let's move on.